docs: Add new configuration docs for east pack (#140)
IRNAS/irnas-east-software: docs/configuration.md

that case, the above functionalities will not work.

This document describes the expected contents of `east.yml` and how to specify binary assets for the
`east pack` command.

## General structure of the configuration file

`east.yml` contains two main keys:

- `pack` - lists which artifacts to be copied when using `east pack` for all or for specific
  applications and samples.
- `version` - lists directories into which `east` will place VERSION files when using
  `east util version` command. See `east util version --help` for more details.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
> [!NOTE]
> The `app` and `samples` yaml keys are deprecated.
> See the [old documentation](configuration_old.md) for their use.

Below is an example of `east.yml` that can be copied into a project and modified:

```yaml
pack:
  artifacts:
    - $APP_DIR/zephyr/zephyr.hex
    - $APP_DIR/zephyr/zephyr.bin
    - merged.hex
  projects:
    - name: sample.blinky
      overwrite_artifacts:
        - $APP_DIR/zephyr/zephyr.hex
  extra:
    - scripts/some_script/some_script.sh
    - scripts/generated_extra_stuff.zip

version:
  paths:
    - app/
```

## Pack

> Packing is the process of copying the build artifacts into a specific directory, usually for the
> purpose of creating a release. All the files are also renamed to include the version tag, which can
> be provided with the `--tag` option to the `east pack` command, or is determined from `git`.

Reviewer: Nit, change order:

```suggestion
Packing is the process of copying the build artifacts into a specific directory, usually for the
purpose of creating a release. All the files are also renamed to include the version tag, which is
automatically determined by the `git` or provided via `--tag` option to the `east pack` command.
```

on how to use Twister to generate build artifacts, see our
[Zephyr template repo](https://github.com/IRNAS/irnas-zephyr-template) and read the docs there.

The `pack` key in `east.yml` specifies which files to copy for each of the test-suites. It has the
following sub-keys:

- `artifacts` - a list of files to copy for all test-suites.
- `projects` - a list of specific test-suites with additional configuration. This allows you to
  overwrite the default artifacts or specify additional artifacts for specific test-suites. Each
  project in the list has the following:
  - `name` - the name of the test-suite. This **must match** the name of the test-suite as defined
    in the `sample.yaml` file.
  - `artifacts` - a list of files to copy for this specific test-suite in addition to files in
    `artifacts.pack`.
  - `overwrite_artifacts` - a list of files to copy for this specific test-suite, overwriting the
    default artifacts specified in `pack.artifacts`. When using this, do not use `artifacts`.
- `extra` - a list of additional files to copy that are not part of the twister output, but are

>   created by other means.

Reviewer: Maybe a possible improvement (we can talk about this): write all fields as full paths relative to the `pack.` fiels, so `artifacts` -> `project.artifacts`.

### File paths and the `$APP_DIR` variable

> The files specified in the `artifacts` and `projects` keys are relative the build folder of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The files specified in the `artifacts` and `projects` keys are **relative** to the build folder of the
```

> test-suite (The build folders generated by Twister are the same as the ones generated by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test-suite (the build folders generated by Twister are the same as the ones generated by
```

`west build`).

Thus, specifying `merged.hex` means that `build/merged.hex` must exist and will be copied.

The build folder contains sub-folders with different names, depending on what is being built:

- When using sysbuild, the application files are always placed in a sub-folder named the same as the
  folder where the base `CMakeLists.txt` is located. For example, if the base `CMakeLists.txt` is in
  the `app/` folder, the application files will be in `build/app/`.
- When not using sysbuild, the application files are placed directly in `build/`.

Whether sysbuild is enabled and what the folder is named is different for each test-suite. For ease

> of use, the `$APP_DIR` variable is used to refer to the application files directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of use, the `$APP_DIR` variable is used to refer to the application files build directory.
```

For example:

- if we have a sysbuild application in the `app/` folder, the `$APP_DIR` variable will be `app`.
- if we have a sysbuild application in the `samples/blinky/` folder, the `$APP_DIR` variable will be
  `blinky`.

> - if we have a non-sysbuild application in the `samples/hello_world/` folder, the `$APP_DIR`
>   variable will be `.`.

Reviewer: Nit: Maybe make the last case more similar to the first one:

```suggestion
- if we have a non-sysbuild application in the `app` folder, the `$APP_DIR`
  variable will be `.`.
```
